Update the Resctrictions section for Vector Search (#18815)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/vector-search-data-types.md

- The maximum supported Vector dimension is 16000.
- You cannot store `NaN`, `Infinity`, or `-Infinity` values in the vector data type.

> - Currently Vector data types cannot store double-precision floating point numbers. This will be supported in a future release. In the meantime, if you import double-precision floating point numbers for Vector data types, they will be converted to single-precision numbers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currently, Vector data types cannot store double-precision floating point numbers. This is planned to be supported in a future release. In the meantime, if you import double-precision floating point numbers for Vector data types, they are converted to single-precision numbers.
```
